# ATM Simulation App

This is a simple ATM simulation application built with Java. It allows users to perform basic banking operations like withdrawing cash, transfering funds, and viewing transaction history.

## Features
### Stage 1
- **Login Screen**: Allow user to input account number and pin. The data is still hardcoded:
    <br/>Name : John Doe
    <br/>PIN : 012108
    <br/>Balance : $100
    <br/>Account Number: 112233
    <br/>
    <br/>Name : Jane Doe
    <br/>PIN : 932012
    <br/>Balance : $30
    <br/>Account Number: 112244

- **Transaction Menu**: List of menu to do the transaction
  <br/>1. Withdraw
  <br/>2. Fund Transfer
  <br/>3. Exit
  <br/>Please choose option[3]:

- **Withdraw**: Withdraw available funds from the account.
  <br/>1. $10
  <br/>2. $50
  <br/>3. $100
  <br/>4. Other
  <br/>5. Back
  <br/>Please choose option[5]:
  
- **Fund Transfer**: Transfer funds to another account.

  **Fund Transfer Screen 1 :**
  <br/>Please enter destination account and press enter to continue or
  <br/>press enter to go back to Transaction:

  **Fund Transfer Screen 2 :**
  <br/>Please enter transfer amount and
  <br/>press enter to continue or
  <br/>press enter to go back to Transaction:
  
  **Fund Transfer Screen 3 :**
  <br/>Reference Number: (This is an autogenerated random 6 digits number)
  <br/>press enter to continue
  
  **Fund Transfer Screen 4 :**
  <br/>Transfer Confirmation
  <br/>Destination Account : xxx-xxx-xxx-x
  <br/>Transfer Amount : $yy
  <br/>Reference Number : zzzzzzzzzzzzz
  <br/>1. Confirm Trx
  <br/>2. Cancel Trx
  <br/>Choose option[2]:

### Stage 2
- **Transaction History**: View history of 10 last past transactions.
- **New Updates:** Using a fixed set of accounts from CSV files and keeping them into memory.

## Technologies Used

- **Java JDK 17** (or later): The core programming language used to build the application.

## Notes
This project's purpose is to learn Java programming. Any comments or inputs are welcome.



